A
sister from our father sent a letter saying: 'Uh, our sister also narrates a lengthy story like some listeners,
her summary: that her excuse increased his days from four days to eight days, making her troubled in performing Umrah.
Do you react if that happens with her?
The habit increases and decreases - whichever is the sister in God - if the custom four days or five and increased six seven eight nine
then there is nothing wrong, do not pray or fast, sit down pray and fasting
because the habit increases and decreases, and if you are in Hajj or Umrah do not cover up Tahtari; because the Prophet to Aisha - may Allah be pleased with her
Do what the pilgrim does not cover up to purify the
menstruating women and abstain from tawaaf until purification and such prayer,
because the habit increases and decreases.
The more menstrual period is fifteen days for the majority of scholars.
If the menstruation lasts with you for fifteen days, then this is menstruation
If that is more than that, then it becomes mustahabb, and you should return to your first habit. Which is four or five or so if the prayer and fasting come,
and if you go and wash, and the blood that is with you this continuous blood of
tasteless means the blood of corruption does not prevent prayer does not prevent fasting does not prevent the husband,